Xixi sister-in-law
You are finally here.
As long as you sign this transfer contract
I'll let this girl go
Lujiaming Road is an ancestral hall, you dare to trespass
You are Xiaotong Road Yes
Sister-in-law, don't worry.
I have informed the elders
To start a family meeting
I'd like to see today
Who will be expelled from Lu Enterprises Lu Jiaming
Only the head of the family has the right to call a family meeting
You are a Lucy side
You are also worthy of Shuhua, whether you are worthy or not, it doesn't matter what you say.
Shuhua
You are the one who deserves to be the head of the house
Second uncle third uncle
Fourth Aunt, why are you here?
If I don't come
How do you know you're hugging a bastard outside?
To pretend to be the blood of the deer
What did Ashu say?
I was born in Yunzhou in the ancestral hall
You are also a manager
protest
Everyone knows that Taoist priest Lu Jiaming captured the heart of the head of the family
No evidence
Should we let him bully our orphans and widows?
Sister-in-law, this Hu Ru still doesn't know her son?
You are my own daughter
You don't recognize it
He is the girl that Yunzhong likes
His mom's right here.
How could he be my daughter?
Would you listen?
Your mom doesn't even recognize it
That's not true.
I'm her mother.
Please let my daughter go
Shin Shin I'm sorry
If I knew you now
Then what our mother and daughter suffered
It's all in vain